changes to bonus step (#8)
upday/data-science-assignment-task: README.md

What we expect:

> * results from your data exploration and an explanation about the solution you adopted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Results from your data exploration and an explanation about the solution you adopted.
```

Author: haha, i was going to to the sam

* Documentation of the results of your model, including the choice of model(s), metrics adopted and the final evaluation.

> * The training and evaluation code, ideally a separate script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The training and evaluation code, ideally as separate scripts.
```
maybe better like this?
